Welcome to the podcast for Perdido Bay Methodist Church.
My name is Dudley.
And today is Monday, March 9th, where we're reading Matthew 24, verses 36 through 51.
And we are told to be watchful.
This passage says that in the days of Noah, people were just living life.
And we know that in that day, people were not following God because the flood soon followed.
they were serving their own selves.
Genesis 6, 11 says that these people were a people of violence and that the earth had become corrupt.
And there was a progression.
There's always a progression to sin.
Like in Psalm 1, when the righteous and the wicked are contrasted, the righteous love God's word and they see God's blessings and benefits, but the wicked
They follow a downward spiral, a progression of destruction.
First, they're walking in the council of the wicked, and then it seems that they slow down and they stand in the pathway of the sinners.
And finally, they are sitting in the seat of scoffers.
Now, this is a negative progression, and it's their response to what God has said.
It's like they're walking the wrong way.
Then they stop.
And then they sit.
The progression is one of intimacy and fellowship, but in the wrong direction.
They are fellowshiping in the ways of wickedness.
The righteous, however, live God's word out, and they see the benefit.
They love God's word.
They see the wisdom.
They desire to fellowship and commune with God.
The difference between the righteous and the wicked
is their view and their response to the word of God.
So it's important to realize that our minds are shaped by the words that we listen to, either God's word or the words of the world.
Like in the garden, Adam and Eve valued the word of the snake more than the words of God and it affected everything.
We are still wrestling with sin because it was introduced on that very day.
God said to man and woman on that day that they could eat from any tree, except for the one.
His words were good, the best, actually.
And the word of the serpent went directly against what God had said.
So the issues and sins that mankind deal with come when we don't listen to the one who loves us the most, the one who wants the best for us.
So in the days of Noah and in the end times,
They knew nothing about what would happen until the flood came and took them all away.
That is how it will be at the coming of the Son of Man.
Two men will be in the field, one will be taken, and the other left.
Two women will be grinding with a hand mill, one will be taken, and the other left.
Therefore, keep watch because you do not know on what day your Lord will come.
And the scripture passage goes on to say,
who then is the faithful and wise servant whom the Master has put in charge of the servants in his household to give them their food at the proper time.
It will be good for that servant whose Master finds him doing so when he returns.
So it will be important for us to be listening to God and following the assignment that he has for us when he returns because he's coming back one day.
the wise and faithful servants of God hear his words and walk in relationship and communion with him.
And they see the value of the assignment that they are given that we ourselves are not only being saved, but we can, through God's power, make an impact in this world.
You'll see there's two things going on here.
There's the inner life of love and devotion, of relationship with God.
and this comes first, and then there's the assignment that God has given us.
He's gifted each one of us with varying gifts and abilities, and he's given us spiritual gifts to make great and eternal impact.
As we ponder these things today, let's agree to allow God's words to draw us closer to Him in relationship, to abide in Him, and then to be astounded
and amazed that He can take our lives and do something that matters for eternity.
He can use us to lead others to Jesus to that salvation that only He can provide.
He can reveal His love and salvation to those around us as we walk out our daily lives.
Have a blessed day.